Edits to shared-password process (#20)
Openscapes/openscapes.cloud: password-access.qmd

the Hub. Thus, participants with this method are only allowed to stay in the Hub
for one week before being removed.

> 1. Open an issue in the appropriate `workshop-planning` repository ([NASA](https://github.com/nasa-openscapes/workshop-planning/issues)/NMFS [TBD]) outling your workshop. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open an issue in the appropriate `workshop-planning` repository ([NASA](https://github.com/nasa-openscapes/workshop-planning/issues)/NMFS [TBD]) outlining your workshop. This is for awareness across the Mentor community, and to help you plan and be supported by the admin team.
```

> Also add it to the workshop registry ([NASA](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Sg4fMDGxMLI0p5cgK5xyamFJpKC6NyNneqXLDReSKcg/edit#gid=695033382)/[NMFS](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14GDUFU3_H2bZcSt--VGLRmrRFq3dylDL8ZeAKuFbV6E/edit?gid=695033382#gid=695033382)), and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also add your workshop to the **WorkshopRegistry** ([NASA](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Sg4fMDGxMLI0p5cgK5xyamFJpKC6NyNneqXLDReSKcg/edit#gid=695033382)/[NMFS](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14GDUFU3_H2bZcSt--VGLRmrRFq3dylDL8ZeAKuFbV6E/edit?gid=695033382#gid=695033382)), and 
```

*This section is for [Hub admins](about.qmd#primary-contacts) (Openscapes core team plus NASA/NOAA hub leads), who have access to the [SharedPasswords-Openscapes.Cloud Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y4qzqWLsKHTNzuQi-fOaHGud0Ld_q1GHAzhS9-grV7Q/edit?gid=0#gid=0), and have close working relationships with 2i2c. 
These steps intentionally align with the steps outlined above for workshop leads, and are meant to be collaborative - experienced mentors will be more familiar with the process and need less help than people leading workshops using the hub for the first time.*

> 1. Work with workshop lead to open an issue in the appropriate `workshop-planning` repository ([NASA](https://github.com/nasa-openscapes/workshop-planning/issues)/NMFS [TBD]), and add it to the MainPlanning project board ([example](https://github.com/orgs/NASA-Openscapes/projects/7/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=93334218&issue=NASA-Openscapes%7Cworkshop-planning%7C137)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Work with workshop lead in their issue (opening one if necessary) in the appropriate `workshop-planning` repository ([NASA](https://github.com/nasa-openscapes/workshop-planning/issues)/NMFS [TBD]), and add it to the MainPlanning project board ([example](https://github.com/orgs/NASA-Openscapes/projects/7/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=93334218&issue=NASA-Openscapes%7Cworkshop-planning%7C137)).
```

> 2. Record the workshop in the workshop registry ([NASA](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Sg4fMDGxMLI0p5cgK5xyamFJpKC6NyNneqXLDReSKcg/edit#gid=695033382)/[NMFS](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14GDUFU3_H2bZcSt--VGLRmrRFq3dylDL8ZeAKuFbV6E/edit?gid=695033382#gid=695033382)), and put "SinglePassword" in the `2i2c access type` column in the appropriate row. All mentors should also have access to this sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Review and record the workshop in the **WorkshopRegistry** ([NASA](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Sg4fMDGxMLI0p5cgK5xyamFJpKC6NyNneqXLDReSKcg/edit#gid=695033382)/[NMFS](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14GDUFU3_H2bZcSt--VGLRmrRFq3dylDL8ZeAKuFbV6E/edit?gid=695033382#gid=695033382)), and put "SinglePassword" in the `2i2c access type` column in the appropriate row. All mentors should also have access to this sheet.
```
